Added more SMTP setup steps to Enterprise installation guides (#247)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/03_install/01_aws/01_install-aws-standard.md

To install Astronomer on EKS, you'll need access to the following tools and permissions:

- The [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html)

> - Kubernetes 1.16 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes 1.16, 1.17, or 1.18
```

Based on: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/version-compatibility-reference

For the base domain `astro.mydomain.com`, for example, here are some corresponding URLs that your users would be able to reach:

- Astronomer UI: `app.astro.mydomain.com`

> - Airflow Deployments: `deployments.astro.mydomain.com/uniquely-generated-airflow-name/airflow`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Airflow Deployments: `deployments.astro.mydomain.com/deployment-release-name/airflow`
```

As you follow the guide linked above, keep in mind:

> - Astronomer currently supports Kubernetes versions 1.14, 1.15, 1.16 and 1.17 on EKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Astronomer currently supports Kubernetes versions 1.16, 1.17, and 1.18 on EKS. For more information, refer to [Version Compatibility Reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/version-compatibility-reference).
```

To obtain a TLS certificate, complete one of the following setup options:

- **Option 1:** Obtain a TLS certificate from Let's Encrypt. We recommend this option for smaller organizations where your DNS administrator and Kubernetes cluster administrator are either the same person or on the same team.
- **Option 2:** Request a TLS certificate from your organization's security team. We recommend this option for large organizations with their own protocols for generating TLS certificates.

### Option 1: Create TLS certificates using Let's Encrypt

[Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) is a free and secure certificate authority (CA) service that provides TLS certificates that renew automatically every 90 days. Use this option if you are configuring Astronomer for a smaller organization without a dedicated security team.

> To set up TLS certificates this way, follow the guidelines in [Automatically Renew TLS Certificates Using Let's Encrypt](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/renew-tls-cert#automatically-renew-tls-certificates-using-lets-encrypt). Make note of the certificate you create in this setup for Step 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up TLS certificates this way, follow the guidelines in [Automatically Renew TLS Certificates Using Let's Encrypt](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/renew-tls-cert#automatically-renew-tls-certificates-using-lets-encrypt). Make note of the certificate you create in this setup for Step 5.
```

If you received a globally trusted certificate, such as one generated by Let's Encrypt, simply run the following command and proceed to Step 6:

```sh
$ kubectl create secret tls astronomer-tls --cert <your-certificate-filepath> --key <your-private-key-filepath>
```

If you received a certificate from a private CA, follow these steps instead:

1. Add the root certificate provided by your security team to an [Opaque Kubernetes secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#secret-types) in the Astronomer namespace by running the following command:

```sh
$ kubectl create secret generic private-root-ca --from-file=cert.pem=./<your-certificate-filepath>
```

> **Note:** The root certificate which you specify here should be the certificate of the authority that signed the Astronomer certificate, rather than the Astronomer certificate itself. This is the same certificate you need to install with all clients to get them to trust your services.

2. Note the value of `private-root-ca` for when you configure your Helm chart in Step 8. You'll need to additionally specify the `privateCaCerts` key-value pair with this value for that step.

## Step 6: Retrieve Your SMTP URI

> An SMTP service is required so that users can send and accept email invites to and from Astronomer. To integrate your SMTP service with Astronomer, make note of your SMTP service's URI and add it to your Helm chart in Step 8. In general, an SMTP URI will take the following form:

Author: Do we need to mention Nodemailer? And by "Need" I mean: will it help anyone make a decision with regards to installation?

Reviewer 2: Hey @jwitz I mentioned **Nodemailer** because we use 2 types of SMTP on our platform. Houston uses nodemailer under the hood whereas alertmanager uses **go smtp**, both have their own set of configuration :)

CC: @ianstanton

Author: Sounds good, if there's configuration considerations for each type of transporter then I agree we should list it somewhere. Updated the wording here to reflect that!

> An SMTP service is required so that users can send and accept email invites to and from Astronomer. To integrate your SMTP service with Astronomer, make note of your SMTP service's URI and add it to your Helm chart in Step 8. In general, an SMTP URI will take the following form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A third-party SMTP service is required for Astronomer Enterprise so that email invitations to the platform can be sent and accepted by members of your team. To integrate your SMTP service with Astronomer, make note of your SMTP service's URI and add it to your `config.yaml` in Step 8. In general, an SMTP URI will take the following form:
```

```
smtps://USERNAME:PASSWORD@HOST/?pool=true
```

> The following table contains examples of what the URI will look like for some of the most popular SMTP services. If your SMTP provider is not listed, refer to the provider's documentation for information on creating an SMTP URI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table contains examples of what the URI looks like for some of the most popular SMTP services:
```

| Provider          | Example SMTP URL                                                                               |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| AWS SES           | `smtp://AWS_SMTP_Username:AWS_SMTP_Password@email-smtp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/?requireTLS=true` |
| SendGrid          | `smtps://apikey:SG.sometoken@smtp.sendgrid.net:465/?pool=true`                                   |
| Mailgun           | `smtps://xyz%40example.com:password@smtp.mailgun.org/?pool=true`                               |
| Office365         | `smtp://xyz%40example.com:password@smtp.office365.com:587/?requireTLS=true`                   |

> | Custom SMTP-relay | `smtp://smtp-relay.example.com:25/?ignoreTLS=true`                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Custom SMTP-relay | `smtp://smtp-relay.example.com:25/?ignoreTLS=true`                                      |

If your SMTP provider is not listed, refer to the provider's documentation for information on creating an SMTP URI.
```

> **Note:** If there are `/` or other escape characters in your username or password, you may need to [URL encode](https://www.urlencoder.org/) those characters.

## Step 7: Configure the Database

> By default, Astronomer requires a central Postgres database that will act as the backend for Astronomer's Houston API and will host individual Metadata Databases for all Airflow Deployments spun up on the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Astronomer requires a central Postgres database that will act as the backend for Astronomer's Houston API and will host individual Metadata Databases for all Airflow Deployments created on the platform.
```

$ helm install -f config.yaml --version=0.23 --namespace=<your-platform-namespace> <your-platform-release-name> astronomer/astronomer
```

> This command will install the latest available patch version of Astronomer Enterprise v0.23. To override latest and specify a patch, add it to the `--version=` flag in the format of `0.23.x`. To install Astronomer Enterprise v0.23.9, for example, specify `--version=0.23.9`. For information on all available patch versions, refer to [Enterprise Release Notes](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/release-notes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will install the latest available patch version of Astronomer Enterprise v0.23. To override latest and specify a patch, add it to the `--version=` flag in the format of `0.23.x`. To install Astronomer Enterprise v0.23.9, for example, specify `--version=0.23.9`. For information on all available patch versions, refer to [Enterprise Release Notes](/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/release-notes/).
```

astronomer-registry-0                                      1/1     Running             0          24m
```

> If you are seeing issues here, check out our [guide on debugging your installation](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/troubleshoot/debug-install/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are seeing issues here, check out our [guide on debugging your installation](/docs/enterprise/stable/troubleshoot/debug-install/).
```

```

Finally, try running `$ astro deploy` on a test deployment. Create a deployment in the Astronomer UI, then run:

```sh
$ mkdir demo
$ cd demo
$ astro airflow init
$ astro deploy -f
```

Check the Airflow namespace. If pods are changing at all, then the Houston API trusts the registry.

> If you have Airflow pods in an `ImagePullBackoff` state, check the pod description. If you see an x509 error, ensure that you added the `privateCaCertsAddToHost` key-value pairs to your Helm chart. If you missed these during installation, follow the steps in [Apply a Platform Configuration Change on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config) to add them after installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Airflow pods in an `ImagePullBackoff` state, check the pod description. If you see an x509 error, ensure that you added the `privateCaCertsAddToHost` key-value pairs to your Helm chart. If you missed these during installation, follow the steps in [Apply a Platform Configuration Change on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config) to add them after installation.
```

## What's Next

To help you make the most of Astronomer Enterprise, check out the following additional resources:

> - [Renew TLS Certificates on Astronomer Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/renew-tls-cert/)
> - [Integrating an Auth System](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/integrate-auth-system/)
> - [Configuring Platform Resources](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/configure-platform-resources/)
> - [Managing Users on Astronomer Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Renew TLS Certificates on Astronomer Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/renew-tls-cert/)
- [Integrating an Auth System](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/integrate-auth-system/)
- [Configuring Platform Resources](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/configure-platform-resources/)
- [Managing Users on Astronomer Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users/)
```

### Astronomer Support Team

If you have any feedback or need help during this process and aren't in touch with our team already, a few resources to keep in mind:

- [Community Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io): General Airflow + Astronomer FAQs
- [Astronomer Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io/hc/en-us/): Platform or Airflow issues

> For detailed guidelines on reaching out to Astronomer Support, reference our guide [here](/docs/enterprise/v0.23/resources/support/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed guidelines on reaching out to Astronomer Support, reference our guide [here](/docs/enterprise/stable/resources/support/).
```
